----------------
As an astrophysicist with background in Computer Science (finished CS
and physics studies, 6 years as senior developer and Oracle DBA at
Infineon Technologies) I understand the importance of Software
engineering skills such as version control, OOP, TDD approach, etc. in
todays scince. In fact informatics has become (in my opinion)
important as mathematics. Its no longer "just a tool". We as scientist
have to devote a lot of effort and try to learn the most from Software
Engeniring as we could. Scientific software also has to be free if we
want to use it in our discoveries. No black box should be
allowed. Openess also encouradge interdisciplinary cooperation and for
science its essential ingredient. Python is my language of choose and
in fact its one of the reason I am interested in computer science
again. Topics of your school perfectly match skills I need and want to
improve. The most important aspect of this form of education for me is
the possibility to discuss my experience with other students an
lectulers.
------------------

not used
I used to be a computer scientist and I was working as senior
developer, and database administrator at Infineon Technologies for six
years. Then I decide to completely change the field and become an
astrophysicist. I thought I would use computers just as tool and
programs like IDL, Matlab, Mathematica allow me to focus on my
scientific goals. During my bachelor/diploma thesis I discovered
wonderful world of Data Mining and I have realized (not without pain)
what difference software engineering skills could have. Particularly
those normally ignored by scientist such are revision control, UN*X
skills, TDD approach, etc. Linux and Python is the reason I'd like
computer science again. It seems to me that python is not just another
language as it is clear from it's massive adaptation between
scientist. It's not only practical but also elegant beautiful. Very
important aspect is that is free but not


Your schools match perfectly topics I'm extremely interested. The best
advantage compared to on-line materials I see the opportunity to
discuss experiences and problems with other students and instructors.


This
was wrong. During my internship at CERN I saw many briliant physisist
stucks by computer related problems. Some of them  .I have realized  that today science and
astrophysics in particular is flooded by data and therefore penetrated
by Compture Sciences. It's so essential as mathematics. But

But finally I realized


It seems that scienceist are disapointed from commercial tools like IDL,
Mathematica, Matblab, etc.

But the best thing about python (in my opinion) the potencial to 

We as scinentist have it learn fair part of Computer Scinece nad
Software Engeniiring to be able to focus on our scintific problems.




On one side there are many attempts to provide scientists

* 2 ways
* IDL, Matlab, LabView, Mathematica, etc.
* Software Engineering

Although first option 

 Science is highly penetrated by computers. We have two options:

1.) Rely on commercionally aviable software as IDL, Matlab, etc.
2.) Use software e

First approach is very temptative? since We would like to focuse on ours scientific goals rather than software. Software engienering is a science itself and time is limited so it seems difficult to be an expert in 
Unfortunatelly there are many problems with that. It's long way from meassurement to analysis and no black box solution can hadle everything. I Litterally every science become something-informatics (bio, astro, ...)
